[CU-384qkzy] Update docs for Pablo (#2597)
ComposableFi/composable: docs/docs/products/pablo/swaps-trading.md

accomplishes this through automated market maker (AMM) pools, which also act as a yield generation opportunity for 
liquidity providers.

![swaps_trading_graph](./swaps-trading-graph.png)

Pablo is distinct from other DEXs, however, in that it allows users to select between different pools which all use 
different AMM-types, to better optimize for their needs. As such users can select between pools that enable higher 
efficiency, less slippage, and incentivize a use to trade more. Greater volume leads to higher transaction fees, which 
are all distributed back to liquidity providers (LPers) and PBLO token holders.

> On launch Pablo will support Balancer pools, 

Reviewer: afaik first it is xy=k pools, then the rest of those

Author: @0xBrainjar2 If I am not mistaken, the Balancer pools (constant product pools) are the ones you mention as xy=k pools. @vimukthi-git can you confirm or provide some context?

Reviewer 2: Confirm! We only support dual-asset-constant-product (xy = k) at first

accomplishes this through automated market maker (AMM) pools, which also act as a yield generation opportunity for 
liquidity providers.

![swaps_trading_graph](./swaps-trading-graph.png)

Pablo is distinct from other DEXs, however, in that it allows users to select between different pools which all use 
different AMM-types, to better optimize for their needs. As such users can select between pools that enable higher 
efficiency, less slippage, and incentivize a use to trade more. Greater volume leads to higher transaction fees, which 
are all distributed back to liquidity providers (LPers) and PBLO token holders.

> On launch Pablo will support Constant product pools based on [BalancersFi weighted math], 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On launch Pablo will support dual asset Constant product(x * y = k) pools based on [BalancersFi weighted math], 
```

> later on followed by Uniswap 50/50 pools, Stableswap pools, as well as our custom LBP implementation. 

Reviewer: on launch will support xy=k 

then balancer stableswap, lbp coming later

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
later on followed by Balancer based Stableswap pools, as well as LBP implementation. 
```
